ceph: update ceph-csi snapshot from Alpha to Beta (#5686)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-upgrade.md

   - If you see **three partitions** on a device running an OSD, this is a legacy OSD. See below for [converting legacy OSDs](#converting-legacy-osds).
   - If you see a single partition or LV with the `ceph` prefix, the OSD is **not** a legacy OSD and you will not need to convert the OSDs.

> 

Reviewer: How about adding a new heading for "CSI Snapshots".

> CSI snapshot is moved from Alpha to Beta and is not backward compatible, we need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSI snapshot is moved from Alpha to Beta and is not backward compatible. The snapshots
created with the Alpha version must be deleted before the upgrade.
```

   - If you see **three partitions** on a device running an OSD, this is a legacy OSD. See below for [converting legacy OSDs](#converting-legacy-osds).
   - If you see a single partition or LV with the `ceph` prefix, the OSD is **not** a legacy OSD and you will not need to convert the OSDs.

### CSI Snapshots

CSI snapshot is moved from Alpha to Beta and is not backward compatible. The snapshots
created with the Alpha version must be deleted before the upgrade.

1. List all the volumesnapshots created

```bash
kubectl get volumesnapshot
NAME               AGE
rbd-pvc-snapshot   22s
```

> 1. Delete all volumesnapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Delete all volumesnapshots
```

modify everything needed at once. You can switch between using Rook-Ceph's default CSI images and
custom CSI images as you wish.

### Update snapshot CRD from Alpha to Beta

> CSI snapshot has a breaking change, we need to delete the snapshotterAlpha CRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since CSI snapshot has a breaking change, we need to delete the snapshotter Alpha CRD
```

created by external-snapshotter sidecar container.

As we are updating the snapshot resources from `Alpha` to `Beta` we need to
delete the old `alphav1` snapshot CRD created by external-snapshotter sidecar container

Check if we have any `v1alpha1` CRD created in our kubernetes cluster

```bash
[$]kubectl get crd volumesnapshotclasses.snapshot.storage.k8s.io -o yaml |grep v1alpha1
  - name: v1alpha1
  - v1alpha1
[$]kubectl get crd volumesnapshotcontents.snapshot.storage.k8s.io -o yaml |grep v1alpha1
  - name: v1alpha1
  - v1alpha1
[$]kubectl get crd volumesnapshots.snapshot.storage.k8s.io -o yaml |grep v1alpha1
  - name: v1alpha1
  - v1alpha1
```

> As we have `v1alpha1` CRD created in our kubernetes cluster,we need to delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we have `v1alpha1` CRD created in our kubernetes cluster, we need to delete
```

the Alpha CRD

```bash
[$]kubectl delete crd volumesnapshotclasses.snapshot.storage.k8s.io
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "volumesnapshotclasses.snapshot.storage.k8s.io" deleted
[$]kubectl delete crd volumesnapshotcontents.snapshot.storage.k8s.io
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "volumesnapshotcontents.snapshot.storage.k8s.io" deleted
[$]kubectl delete crd volumesnapshots.snapshot.storage.k8s.io
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "volumesnapshots.snapshot.storage.k8s.io" deleted
```

> **Note**: Its kubernetes distributor responsibility to install new snapshot

Reviewer: How about linking to the new CSI prerequisites section suggested previously?

controller and snapshot beta CRD. more info can be found
[here](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/tree/master#usage)

> ### Update the RBAC required for external-snapshotter

Reviewer: Actually we can remove this section. There will be a section below that already applies the `upgrade-from-v1.3-apply.yaml` for all the RBAC updates in the release.

Author: `upgrade-from-v1.3-apply.yaml` is not mentioned in this doc yet, do I need to remove this one, or once we add more RBAC we can remove from here and move it to top section?

Reviewer: This is fine for now, we can merge it to another section when the upgrade guide is updated immediately before the 1.4 release

The RBAC required for snapshotter beta is sightly changes,we need to apply new
RBAC for snapshotter to work.

```sh
kubectl apply -f upgrade-from-v1.3-apply.yaml
```

> ### Use default images

Reviewer: As a separate PR I would suggest we move this section "Use default images" and "Use custom images" to the main CSI guide in ceph-csi-driver.md. It is an ongoing CSI configuration topic not just related to the upgrade guide. Then we can link it from the upgrade guide.
